<h1>Day Planner</h1>
<p>URL: https://mpasricha1.github.io/day_planner/</p
<h2>Overview</h2>
<h3>Technologies Used</h3>
<ul>
	<li>Bootstrap</li>
	<li>HTML</li>
	<li>Javascript</li>
</ul>
<h3>Objective</h3> 
<p>The objective of this assignment was to create a simple day planner app. The app shows one day at a time and is restricted to only working hours (9-5). Each hour has a slot for 
the user to insert a task for the day. The task is then stored to the local storage when the user hits the submit button. Each time slot is also color coded depending on the current 
time of the day. The app uses moment.js in order to determin the date and the time. If the event is in the past, a grey color is added to the time slot. If it is the current hour 
the time slot is colored green. Finally if the task is in the future the time slot is colored red.</p> 

<p>Since the data for the day is stored in local storage, if the user refreshes the page, the data for that day will be loaded on page load</p

<h3>Files</h3>
<h4>HTML</h4> 
<ul>
	<li>index.html</li>
</ul>
<p>This is a one page app, most of the html is generated by the javascript file and dynamically added to the page.</p>
<h4>Javascript</h4>
<ul>
	<li>script.js</li>
</ul> 
<p>Only one javascript for this app. This file takes care of the all the rendering of the page, the saving and loading of the date and the color coding. The script contains 4 main functions
which are as follows: RenderDay, saveDate, loadDate and colorCodeTaskes</p>

<h4>Future Expansion</h4> 
<p>Each days task are first stored as an object containing the time of the day and then the tasks itself, this is then appended to an array and stored as a key value pair in the local stored.
Each days date is stored as the key and the array is stored as the value. This means that more than one day can be recalled, the app can be expanded to shuffle through past days or add future days.</p>